{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\f0\fs24\cf0\ftnbj\ftnnar\aftnnar
\sectd\sftnnar\saftnnar\titlepg\pgnrestart\pgnstarts1
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Golgotha was a primitive and savage Eden before the arrival of the Stars themselves. Wrought by violence and drought, the people of the land relied on the benevolent Giants to keep the beasts away. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In their care, societies flourished and peace was carved from the landscape. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Giants receded back into the Wilderness, for their journey had been fulfilled. They were an old race, not to be bothered by the affairs of the now united smaller kin. So they went and for years this remained so. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Until the Stars began to fall and the dragons of Golgotha were born from the stars}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Molten cores. With them came The Gods and the emergence of magic onto the realm. And it was amazing. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the power drove the smaller kin to break old treaties and encroach upon land that was never theirs. Spurned on by their new masters the smaller kin races warred for the plentiful resources of the land. Driven by the Star Dragons history was erased and yet again the Giants receded land to the smaller kins. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the burning ashes of the first world the second world was formed - the world of The Gods. In their arrogance and almighty power the Dragons created offspring, the very hopes and desires of Golgothian cultures made into flesh. Carved from reality and Golgotha herself, the pantheon of Golagotha was born. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But even Star Dragons and World Giants are not immortal and their time would come, but it was not age that took them. It was greed. The land was toxic to the Star Dragons and the beings they birthed, The Gods, had no intentions of helping. Through dark magic and barbarity the darker races of the smaller kin spirited away a Giant to learn their secrets of longevity. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So began the Dragon Fire Era, were the smaller kin failed to protect the Giants in their hour of need. Instead watching them be devoured by the Gods they worshiped. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dragons plan ultimately failed however, their ill-perceived plan was ruined as the young they created feasted secretly upon the corpses of the giants. Stealing the power their fathers and mothers desperately needed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dragons were cast out just as the Giants had been, to waste away on the edge of civilization.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Giants and Dragons all but forgotten as Golgotha aged into its Age Of Gods. For the Gods walked amongst the Golgothian people and the children of The Stars now controlled the pen that wrote history. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Only two remained of the ancient races. One tended to by a race that had not forgotten them and had died by the thousands to protect them - forever fragmenting their society into tribal nomads. That race was the orcs and that being was The Last Giant. Titan of all They Behold, The Mournful First Man and the many other great names he had been called in orcish tongue as eras past. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The orc society never recovered, it would never see the glory of its former self that was crushed between the diamond claws of star armored beings and lit ablaze by multicolored cosmic fire as its ashes were carried away by the laughter of hungry godlings. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But it felt in its heart and soul it had a greater purpose, one that was better than towering cities and lavish displays of power. Preservation of history, the protection and hiding of the true progenitor of this world and cultures. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t enough, in the end the last dragon came. It\u8217\'92s once glorious stars burned out, a seething mass of black and void. Chilling the air and devouring life as it paced. For it too had been found and tended to. But by far different beings. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Orcs pleaded for the other races to assist. When they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t, they began to raid the local land for arms and weaponry to use against the Twisted Black and its foul armies from Underneath. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They held for months, alone, against the armies of the dark. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yet they still pleaded, a proud race forced to beg.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  But they were not heard and the truth was hidden behind the Last War- the Orc Rebellion as it was called. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Accused of summoning the same creature they tried to defeat, they were forced to hold the burden of The Moments. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A psychic scarring caused by the death throes of Hulgar Of The Spire Peak People, Carve Father Of Five and last of his race. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So the Greenskins lashed out as a people against the civilized world with typical results. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Orc Rebellion lasted four years after the death of Hulgar - four grueling years of past versus present.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Twisted Black - Last of the Star Dragons, great deceiver of the first age. Driven out and then driven mad. He still twists and turns in his eternal agony within the mountain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s embrace - the last gift of Hulgar, his final trap. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hulgar - The last of the World Giants, pieces of his essence and soul used to craft one of the Men Of Forever. Twisted Black attacked moments after Five\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s completion. Hulgar was quickly devoured by Twisted Black. But giving time wrought by his blood to not only the Orcs who protected but his legacy- Five. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Golgothian Culture of today is built on the lies of the Godlings and their claims. To test that lie, to open that book and unfold that note would be catastrophic for the very core of an already bankrupt society.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But in the era of the Shards, is that lie even worth continuing? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Should we really mourn the loss of cannibal gods?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}