{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab960\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\f0\fs0\cf0\ftnbj\ftnnar\aftnnar
\sectd\sftnnar\saftnnar\titlepg\pgnrestart\pgnstarts1
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m sorry, I don\u8217\'92t want to be an Emperor. That\u8217\'92s not my business. I don\u8217\'92t want to rule or conquer anyone. I would like to help everyone if possible. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We all like to help one another, Golgothian\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s are like that. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Even now this world has room for everyone and the broken world is still rich. And can still}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Provide for everyone. Our way of life can be free and beautiful, we just can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t lose the way. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Greed has poisoned men like the Pirate Lord\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s souls. Now they barricade the world with hate, they think to much and feel to little for us. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 More then before we need kindness or more will be lost. Without this quality your life will be nothing but violence. But do not despair the hate of men like Clint, Sullivan, Lowe and the others will pass... Dictators die. And the power they took from you, the people, will return to the people. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Let us all Unite! }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Let us fight for a new world! To do away with greed! }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I see there is soldiers among you and I speak to you - soldiers, don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t give yourself to brutes. Men who despise you and enslave you! Tell you what to do what to think and what to feel! }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t give yourself to these unnatural men! These bastard men with evil minds and steel hearts! You are not monsters, you are men! }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You the people have the power! Let us use that power to make a new world!}}