{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\f0\fs24\cf0\ftnbj\ftnnar\aftnnar
\sectd\sftnnar\saftnnar\pgnrestart\pgnstarts1
\pard\plain \tx180\tx540\li540\fi-375\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is the Patron\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s name? In Game}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How did the steal the Barren Dawn? It is imprinted on my and AMI and AMI has a necklace which is the override key and master key? In Game }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is there a way I can sharpen / alter Five\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s axe? Yes - You can build a mechanical addition. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was something about a pilot for the ship but it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make sense - The Spider Pilot : the egg sac to be returned to mountain deal. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Legal arguments about how the Cordelia did not accept her mother }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Legal arguments about how those contracts means the soul go towards his count and would make Cordelia a lemure, and since we are in a pocket dimension that is not longer possible making her contract void In Game }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Legal arguments how the deed was assigned to the devil, but since the world shift and he is the only devil left his title, religion, and the structure he got his soul collection based around has changed (think like different company owns it and he \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93quit\u8221\'94 that job, the old company owns it)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Legal argument about how devil might have signed a non-compete clause with his old boss. Good one}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I would like on opportunity to give Friendly a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93gift\u8221\'94. So if you could work out a way he would accept something from Wright or Wright knows someone he trusts so he can abuse that trust, let me know. New plot hook}}