{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b0\i0\fi-3855\li5555\lin5555}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b0\i0\fi-2313\li3333\lin3333}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b0\i0\fi-2313\li3333\lin3333}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab960\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\f0\fs0\cf0\ftnbj\ftnnar\aftnnar
\sectd\sftnnar\saftnnar\titlepg\pgnrestart\pgnstarts1
\pard\plain \tx144\tx432\li432\fi-300\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What is our ships flag?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We went over to make peace with Mr. Friendly and he agreed to let us go and give up the hostility if we give him 10% of the sale of the ship (which we did)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pirates get paid 2% if they are low level, but skilled}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pirates get paid 8% if they are vanguard and highly skilled}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Naxalith re-branding fee is 12%}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx144\tx432\li432\fi-300\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At some point we should ask Old Man St. McGee about our gore tech ship since he fought in the war with the undead and the great Orc rebellion.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Denis got magic dragon armor cast off breast plate, form an Orc that killed frost giants}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I got a coin from the greatest Orc warlord ever known, but everyone forgot his name}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The undead that service our ship can leave the ship and find people and do mundane tasks}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We went to Bone Palace}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Godrel was voted to become captain}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We have met 4/9 pirate lords}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Wright and Gribbel had a drinking contest}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We were the top earners in Naxalith, and also the destroyers of it}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 AMI will be on Gribbel\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s next wine bottle}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We found out why Mr. Friendly and other Pirate Lords wanted the power core}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Naxalith is a flying ship, we need to get to the core? Add to quest items?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We tried to save people, less Godrel who was vampire biting people - but not killing them.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dwarves are now in a slayer vow - Five Dwarves with Griggle leading them. Probably an entire race of slayers, this is accurate}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cyrus kicked us out of the tow to help us cover up Denis\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 crime}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The soul of Naxalith is now resolved}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dwarves are all psychotic now - Yup, with one of the last sane ones being ambushed in an explosion to kill one of his best friends. Also killed most of his crew and his Quarter Master human friend Grux of Vancliffe. It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s all bad}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The throne of the Marvelous Clive will have records of Denis fucking around and being the one to blow up the ship. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The know it was Denis familiar}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We have three weeks until they find out}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What should we do as a party about this? Add this to our quest log?}
\par\pard\plain \tx144\tx432\li432\fi-300\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I think we could get the dwarves to blame the crusade. Two mega forces hate each other. The crusade seems to be good guys though, but they already want to kill the pirates. That or blame the pirate lords (which \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 is sort of true) and get the dwarves and the crusade to work together. - The Hospitaller Crusade is on common ground now with the Dwarves. They have also started talks to help rebuild the dock and damaged buildings.}
\par\pard\plain \tx144\tx432\li432\fi-300\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Friendly won\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t tell Bones what Denis did. Maybe just finish the job and kill Friendly before he tells anyone?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Jeff only has 18 refugees left (out of 22)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Crusade of the Hostis Humani Generis was helping out refugees}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Denis got a shit ton of letters on the Barren Dawn}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Denis received a chest with four sacks, each sack containing heads of the sailors he hired to give him the package in Hershel}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Denis now has a book containing his family tree}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He also got a half melted cannon ball from Friendly\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s ship}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lots of people have been bit by Donald and attacked and he let them go, what should we do about this as a party?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We have to be gone two months from Naxalith}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The heads come back every single day no matter what he does}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When Denis has possession of a map a small skull and crossbones will form over Naxalith, if he holds it for more than 24 hours}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 How much money should we set aside each mission in order for me to do upgrades and repairs of the ship?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There is another named \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93permanent ship\u8221\'94 that is somewhere in the world. Should we add this to our quest log? - Yup. As players there have been three events as a whole that would give you named ships. One is super out of reach, one is close to Nax}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Now that the ship has me as it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s possession mark, we are no longer tethered to Cyrus.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Denis wants to go to Brawl for unknown reasons. Add as quest?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Inland perch takes in refugees and then gives them away as slaves to the orcs, do we care?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We are currently on the quest for Old Tide Strong Manner, look at quest description for more info}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We need to figure out why Friendly does not attack places from Brawl}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Does anyone have investment schemes?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Friendly does assume Denis had help rigging the ship.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We need to figure out how to get my character to be able to summon the ship.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone accept my flag as the flag of the ship?}}